Okay. So just a short theory lecture
on how to use AMIs in production.
So there's a way for you to force users to only launch EC2
instances from pre-approved AMIs,
and what is a pre-approved AMI? Well,
it's an AMI that you're going to tag with a specific tag.
And then when you combine this with an IAM policy,
then you restrict the user to only launch, for example,
AMIs that have been tagged with the environment prod.
So as an example,
we have a user with the appropriate IAM permissions,
as you can see, it's a condition that we apply to the user.
And so now we have two types of AMI within our accounts.
We have the not approved the AMI, the non-approved AMI,
which is the ones that don't have tags.
And the AMI has been approved,
has been correctly tagged for environment prods.
Obviously you need to make sure that
you're also logged down,
who can add tags to your AMIs.
But then thanks to this combination of tags and IAM policy,
while the user is not going to be able to launch EC2
instance from a not approved AMI and is going to be allowed
to launch an AMI from an approved, EC2 instance sorry,
from an approved AMI.
And that's for number one.
So this is to prevent AMIs from being launched
if they're not approved.
But the second thing is that you can have AWS Config to find
non-compliant EC2 instances,
which are EC2 instances that have been launched using
AMIs that were not approved before.
So let's take an example, somehow a user managed to find a
way to launch two EC2 instances,
one from an approved AMI.
And one from one that wasn't approved.
In this case, using config we can write a rule
and it's going to monitor all the EC2 instances
and find if these two EC2 instances are complaint or not.
And the ones are not compliant will be flagged by config,
and then we can take actions.
And the ones are compliant will be marked green.
And we're good to go.
So that's a short theory lecture,
but it's a good way to see how you can have a production
ready set up for your AMIs.
I will see you in the next lecture.